[docs][web] Added info about expo customize and editing static files. (#4556)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/guides/customizing-webpack.md

title: Customizing Webpack
---

> When you run `expo start --web` or `expo build:web` the CLI will check to see if your project has a `webpack.config.js` in the root directory. If the project doesn't then Expo will continue it's process with the default `@expo/webpack-config` (preferred).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run `expo start --web` or `expo build:web` the CLI will check to see if your project has a `webpack.config.js` in the root directory. If the project doesn't then Expo will use the default `@expo/webpack-config` (preferred).
```

> This is akin to `react-scripts` & `create-react-app`.

If you need to edit the config the best way to do this is by running `expo customize:web` and selecting the `webpack.config.js` option.
This will install `@expo/webpack-config` as a devDependency and create a template `webpack.config.js` into your project.

> You can now make changes to the default config then return it for the CLI to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now make changes to a config object based on the default config and return it for Expo CLI to use.
```

> Deleting the config will cause Expo to fallback on the default again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting the config will cause Expo to fall back to the default again.
```

If you create a new Webpack config or make any changes to it you'll need to restart your Webpack dev server with `expo start --web`.

## Example

**`webpack.config.js`**

```ts
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');

> // Expo CLI will await this method so let's future proof

Reviewer: You don't need async for future-proofing -- Expo CLI won't crash if it's not async. Just need to mention that async functions are supported as well.

// it by using await on the default config.
module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync(env, argv);
  // If you want to add a new alias to the config.
  config.resolve.alias['moduleA'] = 'moduleB';

  // Maybe you want to turn off compression in dev mode.
  if (config.mode === 'development') {
    config.devServer.compress = false;
  }

  // Or prevent minimizing the bundle when you build.
  if (config.mode === 'production') {
    config.optimization.minimize = false;
  }

  // Finally return the new config for the CLI to use.
  return config;
};
```

# Editing static files

You can use `expo customize:web` to create a replacement `index.html`, `serve.json`, `favicon.ico`, etc...

> If you want to reset these files to their initial values simply run `expo customize:web --force` or `-f` for short. All of the files you select will be copied to a `web/` folder in your project's root directory. Think of this folder like `public/` in Create React App. We use "web" instead of "public" because Expo projects target more then just web. In React Native we similarly put non-agnostic project files in `/ios` and `/android` folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to reset these files to their initial values simply run `expo customize:web --force` or `-f` for short. All of the files you select will be copied to a `web/` folder in your project's root directory. Think of this folder like `public/` in Create React App. We use "web" instead of "public" because Expo projects target more then just web. For mobile platforms, we similarly put platform-specific project files in `/ios` and `/android` folders.
```

Reviewer: this section is confusing. you talk about resetting files, and then about copying files to the web folder. these seem like independent concepts.

> Deleting any of these files will cause the CLI to fallback to the internal copies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting any of these files will cause Expo CLI to fall back to their respective default copies.
```

## Why

> - Customizing the favicon icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customizing the favicon icon
```

> - Adding third-party API code to the `<head/>` in your `index.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding third-party API code to the `<head/>` in your `index.html`
```

> - Changing the caching policy in the `serve.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changing the caching policy in the `serve.json` file
```
